# Dedications
I have been volunteering with patrols and nest watch on behalf of Nature 
Trust Malta since 2020, starting with two turtle nests at GÄ§adira. The nests 
have hatched in September which has brought about concern of flooding and 
hence rotting of the eggs due to both rainfall and increased wave action. 
However, the planning of the coordinating team, as well as manual labour such 
as digging trenches on part of volunteers including myself has undoubtedly 
resulted in better numbers. Needless to say, the knowledge acquired from this 
experience and the people I've met through this journey, have inspired me to 
build this game from a mama turtle's perspective.

Dedicated to our coordinators Angelique and Haley and countless turtle watch
volunteers (past, present and future), including my dear friends Josette 
Darmenia, Stephen Spiteri, Ana Feder, Sheila Adams, Joanna Pullicino Kent, 
Rachel Doyle, Roberta Farrugia Debono, Glenn Brough, Joe Conti, Corrine Wood, 
Liza Sountsova, Kamilla Boross and Liz Gowland-Camilleri. And many others - 
it's impossible to list them all here! These people have selflessly dedicated 
their time for safeguarding biodiversity and for that I wish to thank them 
wholeheartedly.

Of course, also dedicated to mama and baby turtles this amazing team, together
with the team of professionals from ERA, has helped to safeguard throughout
the years. Lots of respect and love to all of those I have so far met in this
journey.

Many thanks to those of you have shared their honest feedback, as well as 
those who simply enjoyed playing. The list of contributors may be accessed 
[here.](contributors.md)

Hope for many more baby turtles in the years to come!
